Did you hear that wrong?
The King of Quang Lang forced Bach Hac Nguyen Quan to die.
What the hell?
Lord, what do you want to do?
Then you can't ask him first, right, what is this Infernal Trac?
You messed up the White House today.
Because you and I are brothers.
I'm a disaster for you.
But you're also pushing your nose against your face.
I don't.
If you were not my brother, you would be in the Mausoleum.
Do you know you're committing a major disaster?
Just tell me.
What did I do?
Ly Bu Language secretly assassinated Quang Lang king.
The evidence has gone.
Sin is the owner.
What Yuan Quan assassinated Quang Lang Vuong
It's impossible.
Bach Loc Yuan Quan's assassination of Quang Lang Vuong was indeed harmful to astronomers, is there any misunderstanding in this?
The words and actions you did today.
They all identified me as the mastermind of the assault and murder case in Northern Xinjiang.
Your ten-year brotherhood, you don't believe me.
How do you want me to believe you?
The Northern Xinjiang Route is known only to you.
Who else but you?